README.md, before:

# Client-Side
All the client side code for sensors, valves, IMUs and the rest of the fun stuff.

## Setup:

Download the [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software).

We use the Teensy 4.0 board in addition to vanilla arduino boards. Setup the environment according to the [instructions here](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_download.html).

Copy all of the contents of the `libraries` directory into your Arduino IDE libraries directory.
You can find the path to your Arduino IDE library path by clicking on `File -> Preferences` in the Arduino IDE.

## Contribution

### Client Boards

*Duplicate the Template folder for a new client board.*

### Sensors

The template code houses the client side communications protocol for our systems.

Each sensor has its own `.h` file which can be included in any version of a client
code. The only requirement is that you provide a function of the form `read_data()`
that returns a struct with the current time and the sensor reading.

When you submit a pull request, include the average time your function takes in microseconds.

NOTE: This architecture is borrowed from McGill Rocket Team. See [here](https://github.com/liurichard95/mrt-avionics)
for their documentation.

### Submitting

Do all of your development on a feature branch named along the lines of `<your-name>_<sensor-name>`.
Try to commit frequently with descriptive messages. When you're done, push your code to your branch,
submit a pull request into `master` and request a review from at least one other person
on the team.

Commit message:

fix solenoid libs, add install script, update docs

README.md, after:

# Client-Side
All the client side code for sensors, valves, IMUs and the rest of the fun stuff.

## Setup:

Download the [Arduino IDE](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software).

We use the Teensy 4.0 board in addition to vanilla arduino boards. Setup the environment according to the [instructions here](https://www.pjrc.com/teensy/td_download.html).

Copy all of the contents of the `libraries` directory into your Arduino IDE libraries directory.
If your Arduino is installed to the default directory you can use the following install scripts to do this.
On linux and mac navigate to the libraries folder and run the following commands:
`chmod +x install.sh`
`./install.sh`
On windows, please figure it out. (I'll add a script eventually).

If your Arduino is not installed to the default location, you'll need to find the path by clicking on `File -> Preferences` in the Arduino IDE.

## Contribution

### Client Boards

*Duplicate the Template folder for a new client board.*

### Sensors

The template code houses the client side communications protocol for our systems.

Each sensor has its own `.h` file which can be included in any version of a client
code. The only requirement is that you provide a function of the form `read_data()`
that returns a struct with the current time and the sensor reading.

When you submit a pull request, include the average time your function takes in microseconds.

NOTE: This architecture is borrowed from McGill Rocket Team. See [here](https://github.com/liurichard95/mrt-avionics)
for their documentation.

### Submitting

Do all of your development on a feature branch named along the lines of `<your-name>_<sensor-name>`.
Try to commit frequently with descriptive messages. When you're done, push your code to your branch,
submit a pull request into `master` and request a review from at least one other person
on the team.
